♪ MTV
[insects trilling]
♪ pulsing. suspenseful music
♪
♪ eerie music
[floorboards creaking softly]
[silenced shot]
Dad? Dad?
- [silenced gunshot]
- [boy thuds onto floor]
♪
[woman groaning and panting]
[yelps]
♪ pulsing. ominous music
[whimpering]
[groaning]
[panting]
[woman yells]
No! God. help me! No! No...
[engine revving]
[yells] Ah. no!
[woman yelling]
[woman yells]
[man] Go!
- [engine revs]
- [tires squeal]
[engine revving]
♪ dramatic. haunting music
♪
♪ I want to know you better
[mutters]
♪ Stop and see the weather
Shit.
♪ I want ♪
- ♪ To know you better...
- [exhales]
[clicks tongue]
What are you doing?
Uh. what does it
look like I'm doing?
Starting a fire.
I'm making you breakfast.
You should let Dad do that.
I felt like doing it.
Uh. guess there's a first
time for everything.
- What's burning?
- Our breakfast.
[Charlie] She should
let Dad do it.
[Kate] I've already
made that point.
[whispering] Do
we have to eat it?
I mean. Christmas
is a long way away.
so we have all the leverage.
I heard that.
Wasn't trying to
keep it a secret.
- Ha. ha.
- [Neal] Whoa.
- What's burning?
- Oh. for crying out loud.
[chuckling] I was trying
to do something nice.
Honey. you were not
trying... You were trying
- to make breakfast?
- Yeah.
No. stay in your lane. baby.
What is my lane?
You come upstairs. and
I'll show you your lane.
[Kate] Okay. you guys
do know we can hear
you. too. right?
- That is really gross.
- [Neal] Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I got an idea. Waffle Palace.
Waffle Palace!
- [Charlie whoops]
- [Kate] Nice save.
Yeah. Dad. that's a great idea.
I... Oh. yeah. breakfast.
- At least that.
- Tried to make us breakfast.
- You're cute... honey.
- I've made breakfast before.
Uh. no. Objection. Your Honor.
There is no evidence for
the defendant's claim.
- [laughs]
- You're such a dick.
I've made breakfast before.
[indistinct chatter]
[Kate] Oh. hey.
If you wanted waffles.
you should have
- just ordered waffles.
- Okay.
- Not you too!
- Everything tastes better
- off your plate.
- It does taste better.
- [Neal] See? You know this.
- Oh. really? No.
Not the whole thing.
- [laughing] Stop.
- [Kate] You literally have
a mountain full of pancakes.
- All right.
- [laughter]
That's gonna taste worse.
- Oh. fresh link. Thank you.
- [Charlie] Yeah.
[Kate] Look how much
food you still have left.
and you're... oh.
you're stealing.
- [Charlie] Yeah. I know.
- [Kate] Was that four links?
[Charlie] I need to make.
um. leftovers for tomorrow.
- [laughter]
- ♪ ominous music ♪
- Why are there holes in...
- [Neal] Honey?
[Joe] One second.
[TV newsman] ...acted out
by cartels on both sides
of the border.
though no U.S. Congress member
has ever been held hostage.
♪ pulsing. suspenseful music
It is worth noting that
Congresswoman Hernandez
has been pushing legislation
that would allow
U.S. military forces
to be deployed on U.S.
soil. which would be
a major escalation in
the administration's war
against illegal immigration
along the borders
of Texas. New Mexico.
Arizona and California.
♪ slow. ominous music
♪
- [indistinct chatter]
- [garbled radio transmissions]
♪
[sighs]
Hold on. You're gonna need
a badge to get through.
State Department can't
enter a crime scene.
[laughs] Shit.
That's the wrong one.
Hang on.
There you go.
Where's your field office?
- San Antonio.
- Who's your senior agent?
Jason Kennedy.
Give him a ring. I'm sure
he'd love to talk to you.
Hmm.
Agent Jason Kennedy's office?
Do you have an
Agent Kyle Sanford?
What's he doing in Van Horn?
El Paso has the scene.
Understood.
- Sorry.
- Ah. don't be sorry.
You got the right attitude.
Don't trust anybody.
♪ slow. suspenseful music
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[camera shutter clicking]
[door squeaks]
We're about 30 miles north of
where I can be any help. Alan.
We are 30 miles
north. but she ain't.
Whole family's on 360.
And... smart lady...
she's got a tracker.
Both the phone and the
tracker are in the same place.
Holding her in a
house in Ojinaga.
Probably move her south
when it gets dark.
All right. well. send an
HRT team to go get her.
- I can't send HRT into Mexico.
- [sighs]
Don't you have
informants down there?
[laughing] Yeah.
I got informants.
but I don't have a
fucking strike team.
Fine. I'll call Federal
Police in Mexico
and hope for the best.
See how that works out.
All right. all right.
Let me. uh. let me make a
call. see what I can do.
[Alan] All right.
[birds singing]
[sighs] Sir.
look. I don't know
what you want to do
with this info. but. uh.
we got a location on
the congresswoman.
She's on a tracker.
Yes. sir. Not going anywhere.
♪ slow. dramatic music
♪
I'm watching it now.
Hmm. That depends.
Langley or the White House.
Which one is it?
The White House.
Be careful.
Is there a protest today?
Cartel would never
do that on their own.
I'm aware. It's a probe.
Mm-hmm.
[laughs softly] Come on.
Any thoughts you want
to share with me?
Take a look at Mexican
exports on your drive over.
Particularly oil.
♪ suspenseful music
I'll do it.
♪
It's gonna be one of those days.
We don't have much intel to
shed light on this. Byron.
We should call in Kyle.
We spoke. He's on the scene.
Congresswoman's
wearing a tracker.
They're holding her
just across the border.
They're gonna move her
deeper in-country at night.
I don't think they
wait for night.
I think they're waiting to
see what we're going to do.
Curious about that myself.
We have a few gray
work guys standing by.
Intercept when they move her.
Same guys we used in Ukraine.
That won't be quiet.
Not sure they want quiet.
They just don't
want a SEAL Team.
Step in. please.
[Westfield] Sir.
what we know now
is they are holding her
just across the border.
We have a unit in place to
either take her at the house
or en route when they move her.
What branch?
[Westfield] Forward
detachment. Our guys.
We should send in DEVGRU.
You are 12 hours from
making that a reality.
My guys are standing
by at the border now.
[Mullins] No. no. we can't
send uniforms over there.
What's your level of confidence
that she can be returned safely?
It's high. sir.
They do not have a
tactical equal in Mexico.
If they have one anywhere.
How messy is this gonna be?
It's not gonna be clean.
Do you want it to be messy?
I want it on television.
And when we are done with
it. we kick this to you.
Um. our treaty with Mexico
doesn't allow us to operate
in that space. ma'am.
No criminal organization is
gonna do something this reckless
without the Mexican
government being complicit.
And the Mexican government
would never be complicit
without extreme pressure
from an outside force.
You think Russia?
Well. it does fit their
covert ops strategy.
but they don't have the leverage
to force something like this.
It's China.
We think that's a
likely possibility.
Why do you think so?
[Westfield] It's an
unusual move for them.
but it clearly puts the
president in a very bad spot.
A U.S. military operation
on Mexican soil?
It's a political disaster.
His own party's
gonna turn on him.
The other side of the aisle.
they will destroy him.
Some form of Vietnam
in this hemisphere
shifts our focus from the East
and it drains our resources
even faster than Ukraine.
Now. China is Mexico's
number-one trade partner
in crude oil and natural
gases as well as gold.
So. any military response
to this on Mexican soil
renders our opposition
to a move into Taiwan
as hypocritical to
both NATO and the U.N.
And with Russia chairing
the security council...
- [door opens]
- ...China has free rein
for a Taiwanese invasion with
little to no consequences.
Certainly not militarily.
and our economies are
too linked for sanctions.
[Mason] We feel the
same way about it.
We're increasing CIA
presence in Mexico.
particularly Special Activities.
We'd like to put
your team in as well.
Get a Lioness on the ground.
- Or two.
- [Mullins] This all. of course.
depends on a
successful extraction.
How soon do you think you
can get somebody in place?
At first. I would
need to find a mark.
Then I need to pull
an asset or build one.
This isn't...
- I-I need time.
- [Hollar] How much time?
[scoffs]
Can I have three months?
[chuckles] You can
have three weeks.
[Mullins] There is an
election in November.
I want trophies on the
wall by the convention.
Big trophies.
- What are my trophies?
- [Mason] Well. the area
of the abduction
is the territory
of Los Tigres. correct?
- Correct.
- We'll start with their leader.
Find us intel connecting him
to the Mexican government.
A Lioness isn't designed
to gather intel. ma'am.
We hit hard targets.
[Mullins] All right.
After you kill the guy.
could you be so kind
as to grab his fucking
phones and computers
and anything else that might
have some fucking intelligence?
[Mason] You can't do
anything but kill people?
We can do it. sir.
- Can I have a Delta team?
- [Mason] No Delta.
no SEALs. you can have as
many gray men as you like.
- [Meade] Thank you.
- [Westfield] Joe.
Thank you. sir.
♪ tense. atmospheric music
♪
- Thank you.
- [door opens]
- [door closes]
- [exhales]
- You're green. Go get her.
- [Joe] A forward detachment?
A bunch of guys so cooked
they dive for cover
when a balloon pops?
They fight outside
the lines. Joe.
That's what you'll need.
What I need is an SF ODA.
How is one Lioness
supposed to eliminate
the target and mine hard data?
It's a ridiculous ask and
it's impossible to execute.
You have a QRF. we will
place a forward detachment
under your command.
Lioness hits the target.
QRF retrieves the Lioness.
TFO mines the intel.
Then TFO gets into a gunfight
with the Mexican military.
That's my problem. Your
problem is a target.
Meet up with the ground
detachment in Del Rio
and go find one.
You got your kit in the car?
[sighs] Of course.
- Jet at Langley?
- Dulles.
- Where's your team?
- [exhales] Spread out.
You know. they're off the clock.
Put them on. get them to Bliss.
- We'll work out of there.
- Yeah.
- Careful over there.
- [laughs softly]
["Jingle Bells" playing]
It's too early for decorations.
Well. that's why we
have an artificial one.
so we can enjoy it longer.
Can we at least
wait until. like.
I don't know. Halloween is over?
Walmart doesn't.
so why should we?
Mom said not to do
decorations till she got home.
Well. these are not
decorations. these are lights.
- They're still decorations.
- No. no. no.
Lights are electric.
which places them
in the home improvement
and enhancement category.
which falls under my purview.
We can hang lights.
Now. we start
hanging candy canes.
we're gonna be in deep trouble.
- [Kate] Hmm.
- [phone buzzing]
Huh.
[Charlie giggles]
Hey. Everything all right?
[Joe sighs] Not really.
Hold on a second.
Tail number
November-Mike-one-
one-three-niner.
- [lock buzzes]
- [latch clicks]
Something happened. I'm
gonna be a few days.
Uh. the congresswoman?
You know I can't
talk about that.
Yeah. no. I. uh.
I know the drill. honey.
Would you like us
to wait on the tree?
No. don't wait for me.
[Neal] Uh. okay. Got it.
I love you.
I love you. too.
[chuckles] This
must be a bad one.
Kiss the girls for me. okay?
I will.
I mean it.
Yeah. I'll do it.
Okay. bye.
♪ pulsing. exciting music
All right. green light.
Let's decorate the tree.
Charlie. you grab
the little ones.
You help me with
the lights. okay?
♪
What do we got for mags?
We have 15 of the
drums. 35 of the .30.
[exhales]
Of course.
Hey. Glad you made it.
You might as well
be wearing a T-shirt
that says you're CIA on it.
You. uh. you got
something festive
in that bag you can throw on?
Oh. sure. let me
just look into my kit
and get out a fucking sundress.
- Fuck you. Kyle.
- [laughs]
Don't worry. we got plenty
of options for you there.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- Matches your eyes.
[Joe] I'd love to see
you do a snatch and grab
in a fucking miniskirt.
- I'll do it.
- [Joe] It's not happening.
- [Kyle] Don't you dare me.
- It's not happening.
[Cody] It's just to get
us across the border.
Once we're over. we'll
gear up somewhere.
I grabbed you armor.
figured you for a medium.
I have my own gear.
It's long time. Cody.
- Yeah. it's been a minute.
- [Joe] Getting a little
long in the tooth
for this. aren't you?
You think?
- I do.
- [laughs] Yeah?
Well. you know what they say.
Joe. beware the old soldier.
- [gun clicks]
- He's old for a reason.
That's Tracer. he's A Squad.
That's Dean. he's D Squad.
Who do I hide behind
in the gunfight?
Uh. take your pick.
Everybody's from The Unit.
We're all man hunters.
All right. boys. let's
load up. let's go to work.
♪ dark. dramatic music ♪
♪
- [engine starts]
- [softly] Oh. fuck.
♪
[Cody] Here we go.
Just...
be my girlfriend for
a minute. all right?
Just look at me.
smile and laugh.
You got it.
- How you doing?
- [speaks Spanish]
- What's that?
- [speaking Spanish]
- What's he asking?
- I don't know.
I don't know... I don't
know. I don't know. man.
I don't know what that means.
- We don't know. buddy.
- [Joe] Sorry. sir.
- All right. Thank you.
- Thank you.
♪ slow. suspenseful music
♪
[indistinct chatter]
You got a mag bag back there?
Yeah. Driving with one.
Oh. fuck. just the small one.
Put that shit down. A small one.
You got a small one back there?
- [Dean] No.
- We should... Kyle. we should
pull over and tac up
as soon as we can.
Let's get out of town first.
♪ ominous music
[barking]
♪
♪ intense music
[panting]
♪
[breathing faster]
No. no. no. No. No. no.
No. no. [sobbing] No...
[crying]
♪ exciting music
♪
[Spanish rap music
playing on stereo]
♪
[Cody] All right. bogey.
I count... one. two. three.
If these guys get squirrely.
I want you to get in there.
You got it.
♪
Amigos. we're having
some car trouble.
No bueno... the. uh. radiator.
[speaking Spanish]
You guys got tools?
Maybe you can help us.
- [speaking Spanish]
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
[Cody] God. fuck. get
in there. Go in there.
Take them right. Take
their focus right.
Just trying to...
just trying to fix it.
I'm just on vacation.
Babe. what the fuck?
Just fix the fucking car.
- [Kyle] Hey. babe. just...
- [Joe] Baby...
- I'm just asking for help here.
- Hola. hola.
Babe. are those guns?
- [laughing]
- Hola. hola.
[laughs]
- [speaking Spanish]
- [Joe] Baby... [laughs]
- [Joe] Those are guns!
- Hey!
[Cody] Let's move. Move. move.
[Spanish rap music continues]
[car door chiming]
♪ tense music
♪
Then you got drums
and everything?
[Kyle] Drums are up.
Hey. our target's moving.
- Target's moving?
- Yeah.
[Kyle] You play a
pretty mean drunk.
- Fuck you. Kyle.
- [Kyle laughs]
♪
[Kyle groans]
[Cody] Good?
- Ready?
- [engine starts]
♪
[speaking Spanish]
- Cody. you want your rifle?
- No. I'm gonna run my pistol.
There's a mag pouch on the
bottom there. set it right.
You get the
congresswoman in here.
you lay her on the floorboard
in case the exfil gets hot.
- All right?
- You got it.
[Cody] All right.
everybody strap in.
Don't T-bone this fucker.
clip him in the rear.
[Cody] Head shots only in the
vehicle. Know your target.
- Mira esto cabron alla.
- ¿Qué está haciendo?
[shouts in Spanish]
Cody. tell me this
is bulletproof glass.
[gunfire]
- Fuck!
- All right. everybody hold on.
Here we go. Brace.
[indistinct shouting]
[gunfire]
- Congresswoman?
- Yeah.
All right. you stay
there. Stay right there.
Someone will come get you.
All right. you're clear.
- Congresswoman Hernandez?
- Yeah.
[Hernandez panting
and groaning]
- Can you walk?
- I don't know.
[panting]
[Cody] Let's go.
- We're up.
- [Joe] We're good.
♪ exciting music
♪
Look at me.
I'm gonna cut you loose.
For your safety. lay on
the floorboard. please.
Eagle's Nest. this is Eagle One.
We are jackpot. en route
to primary exfil location.
Have a lane open for me.
[Eagle's Nest] Roger
that. Eagle One.
Left lane is held for exfil.
- Proceed with caution.
- Keep eyes on us.
Roger that. Have eyes on now.
♪
Hang in there.
My family.
What did they do to my family?
We'll talk about it at the base.
Tell me.
It's my family. tell me!
They killed them.
[sobbing]
[Eagle's Nest] Eagle One. you
sure that scene was locked down?
[Kyle] Yeah. scene is locked.
All bandits KIA?
Roger that.
Okay. Eagle One. they
have eyes in the sky.
Police are blocking
off Benito Juarez.
We need to find you another
way to the port of entry.
- [Joe] Fuck.
- [Cody] No. fuck that.
No. we gotta get out of the
city. Check your ISR. dude.
Do you have anything?
[Cody] Tell 'em to
find us another route.
[Kyle] Negative. Find us a
road that meets the river.
have a BP helo
ride us parallel.
All right. everyone.
give us a minute
to seek an alternate route.
Heads up in the back.
Enemy has eyes on.
♪ exciting music
♪
[siren wailing]
Enemy vehc. six o'clock.
150 meters and closing.
[siren wailing]
- Okay. Joe. you got left side.
- [Joe] Got it.
[Tracer] And I'll
take right side. Joe.
I got nine o'clock
at your right side.
- Permission to fire.
- [Kyle] Yeah. fucking shoot him.
- Shoot.
- [gunfire]
[Kyle] Eagle's Nest. I need a
route and an extraction point
- fucking now!
- Nine o'clock!
[Kyle] Say again. Say again.
[Eagle's Nest] Three
kilos north. turn right.
There's a dirt road
that winds to the river.
There's a drop-off from
the road to the riverbank.
[Kyle] How big's the drop-off?
Unclear from the air.
Six or eight feet.
Three klicks north.
dirt road on the right.
winds the river. drops
off about eight feet.
- Eight feet?
- Yeah. I didn't pick it.
- It's-it's eight feet.
- [Cody] All right.
- In the back. fresh bags.
- Reload.
[sirens wailing]
[Tracer] I've got two
enemy vehcs approaching.
[gunfire]
Make that four!
We have got a lot of
fucking heat on our ass.
[Tracer] There's two more!
Cody. get us out of here!
♪ suspenseful music
♪
Joe. pass me my
rifle. would you?
- [Joe grunts]
- Where you want to do this?
[Cody] Look. we gotta
do this on the pavement.
We get on the dirt.
those Humvees are gonna
move to flank us.
We're gonna intercept up here.
- [Hernandez shouting]
- We need to switch sides.
Now!
- [Cody] All right. are we ready?
- Ready.
All right. and three.
two. one. Here we go.
[tires screeching]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Kyle] Load up!
- Load up!
[Joe] Run!
[Cody] We're off! We're up!
Let's go!
♪ exciting music ♪
♪
- Fuck.
- Anybody hit?
Dean. Tracer.
- We're up.
- Good.
- Take the wheel.
- Yep.
- [Eagle's Nest] Eagle One...
- Swap 'em out.
...river's a half klick to the
north straight ahead of you.
Be advised. military vehicles
approaching from
your three o'clock.
♪ intense music ♪
♪
[Kyle] It's gonna be close.
[Cody] Is it eight
feet and then river?
Or is it eight feet and then
riverbank and then river?
- What?
- [Kyle] Eagle's Nest.
The depression eight
feet above the river
itself or the riverbank?
[Eagle's Nest] Directly
above the river. Eagle One.
- [Kyle] Depth?
- Pretty deep.
Cartel won't cross
migrants here.
There's a better place
to cross to the east.
but you'll need to turn toward
the approaching vehicles.
Better crossing
towards enemy vehcs.
We don't want a better
crossing. We want deep.
We're going in water.
Dump everything
that'll weigh you down.
I need you on this
side right now.
Dump mags. dump sidearms.
dump everything.
♪ intense music
[Joe] Eagle's Nest.
this is Eagle Two.
We need some fucking
air support down here!
[Eagle's Nest] Eagle Two.
a little bird is inbound.
ETA?!
I got a visual. two o'clock.
Everybody. face
coverings all around.
I'm gonna strap you.
[Kyle] Cover your faces!
- [Joe] Kyle?
- Yeah?
If we get through this. I swear
to fucking God I'm
gonna kill you.
I hope you get the chance.
[Cody] In the back. hold on.
- Is she strapped in?
- [Joe] Five seconds.
She is strapped in.
I'm not strapped in.
- [Cody] Here we go. Oh. boy.
- I need five seconds. Cody.
[Cody] I don't think
I can give it to you.
I don't think I can slow down.
- That's more than eight feet.
- [Cody] I'm aware.
Cody. it's bigger
than eight feet!
- [Cody] I'm fucking aware.
- [Kyle] Hang on!
[screaming]
[Joe shouts]
[grunts]
[gunshots]
- [gunfire]
- [Joe screams]
- [Cody] Shit!
- Get down!
- [Cody] Cover!
- [Joe yelps]
[Cody] Fuck. Get down!
Stay down!
- [Joe] Heads down!
- Heads down.
♪ ominous music
♪
[shouting over
bullhorn in Spanish]
[Cody] All right. everybody.
out of the vehicle.
Get out of the fucking
vehicle right now.
- [Joe] It's stuck!
- [Kyle] Cut it!
- Get out!
- [Joe grunts]
Come on.
Cody. can you stand?
It's gonna be a swim.
Come with me. Come on.
Come to me. Come to me.
Come here. You're all
right. We got you.
♪ dramatic music
♪
[grunts]
[Tracer] Get it open!
Kyle. help me get him
out of here. He's gone.
♪
[reporter] In an incredible
unfolding of events.
U.S. law enforcement
made a daring rescue
of Congresswoman Hernandez.
seen escorted by what
we are told was FBI's HRT team.
Sources say FBI agents made...
- What was that. What happened?
- Um...
[stammers] Whatever.
it's just the news. um...
Let's start supper.
Charlie. what do you want?
- Ice cream.
- [Neal] Ice cream? No.
Ice cream sounds like an
after-dinner type deal.
Let's talk about the
dinner part of the deal.
We skip the dinner
part of the deal.
and skip to the ice
cream part of the meal.
Okay. Lot of deals
going on there.
♪ dramatic music
♪
[indistinct chatter]
What now?
[Joe] What now what?
What do you do next?
[exhales] Now we play offense.
[inhales deeply]
Do me a favor.
I'll try.
I'm an elected official.
I should remain unemotional.
and seek justice
and nothing else.
But I'm gonna be a
wife and mother first.
When you find the people
that did this to me...
Justice is a different agency.
My agency...
doesn't do courtrooms.
Good.
[sighs]
You weren't kidding.
"Beware of the old soldier."
- [sighs]
- Yeah.
We still have our uses.
You want one?
I don't smoke.
Yeah.
Neither do I.
I'm sorry about Dean.
You know. of all...
the shit we got into...
...it weren't no
bullet that got him.
Or IED or some
fucking helo crash.
or any of the other
shit out there. nope.
It's just...
chose to climb in the
back of a Suburban.
But that's war. you know?
- Can't make no sense of it.
- No.
Are you sticking
around for this deal?
Yeah. they usually
only send me in
when the deal gets
real fucked up.
But...
[exhales]
...if you fuck up the deal.
I'll come a-runnin'.
Be lucky to have you.
At least you can offset the
level of fucking dipshit
- that comes with this Ken doll.
- [laughs]
Go easy on ol'
spy Barbie. there.
Hey. motherfucker.
[grunts]
[Kyle chuckles]
Ah.
That was your one free shot.
I'll take my fucking
chances. [grunts]
[screams] Fuck!
Goddamn it. Joe.
Shit. [sighs]
I have a fucking family.
[exhales]
We go kamikaze
through the desert
with no fucking plan.
- You almost got us killed!
- No fucking plan?
We just executed the
fucking plan. Joe!
And it worked.
She's back.
And we're a man down.
Man down is the price.
And we all signed up to pay it.
[laughs]
When's the last time
you were in a firefight?
Huh?
And I'm not talking about
some bimbo's bodyguard.
- Fuck you!
- I mean a fucking battle.
It's been a while. hasn't it?
I'll tell you what.
[laughs]
I'll give you another one.
You need an adrenaline dump.
fucking dump it right here.
We're working together now.
You want to do some
fucking cowboy shit.
you do it on your own.
Never fucking do
it with my team.
You know what I would
be doing if I were you?
[laughs] I ca... I
can't wait to hear this.
I'd be calling that
family you got.
You're right.
That's exactly what
I should be doing.
- That should be enough.
- [Kate] It's sticky.
- You just. like. spread it all...
- [phone buzzing]
It's not sticking
to the pan. Dad.
Hey.
[Joe] Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
Rough day at the office. huh?
You can say that.
Are the girls there?
- Can I talk to them?
- Yeah.
Yeah. uh. which one?
Just put me on speaker.
[girls talking quietly]
It's falling apart.
Girls. it's your mother.
- [Charlie] Hi!
- [Kate] Hi. Mom.
[Kate] Mom. are you okay?
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
Hi. baby. I'm fine.
I'm good.
[Kate] Are you sure?
I'm... [sniffles]
I'm great. I'm great.
How are you?
We're making supper.
Oh. yeah. what's for supper?
Pizookie.
A what?
[Neal] Well. Mom.
you take a whole
batch of cookie dough
and you spread it out
in an iron skillet.
And it makes a cookie
the size of a pizza.
A pizookie.
[sniffles]
That sounds... healthy.
- [laughs]
- [Charlie] It is
if you have ice cream with it.
They make ice cream out of milk.
Boy. do they have
you trained. baby.
Oh. yeah. I'm aware.
I sure wish I could have some.
[Kate] You can.
- When are you coming home?
- [sniffling]
Soon. baby.
Soon.
I love you.
- Love you.
- [Charlie] Love you. too.
- [Neal] Love you. Mom.
- [Charlie] Bye-bye.
♪ melancholy music
♪
♪ dramatic music ♪